[DOCS] Adds licence expiry details (#54081)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/license-expiration.asciidoc

These error messages tell you when the license expires and what features will be
disabled if you do not update the license.

IMPORTANT: You should update your license as soon as possible. You are
essentially flying blind when running with an expired license. Access to the
cluster health and stats APIs is critical for monitoring and managing an {es}
cluster.

[[expiration-beats]]
==== Beats

*  Beats will continue to poll centrally-managed configuration.

[[expiration-elasticsearch]]
==== {es}

// Upgrade API is disabled
* The deprecation API is disabled.
* SQL support is disabled.
* Aggregations provided by the analytics plugin are no longer usable.

[[expiration-watcher]]
==== {stack} {alert-features}

* The PUT and GET watch APIs are disabled. The DELETE watch API continues to work.
* Watches execute and write to the history.
* The actions of the watches do not execute.

[[expiration-graph]]
==== {stack} {graph-features}

* Graph explore APIs are disabled.

[[expiration-ml]]
==== {stack} {ml-features}

* APIs to create {anomaly-jobs}, open jobs, send data to jobs, create {dfeeds},
and start {dfeeds} are disabled.

> * All started {dfeeds} are stopped. All open {anomaly-jobs} are closed.

Reviewer: Should this be two separate bullet points?

Author: > As I don't feel strongly about this, we can leave as two pages.

No worries, I made the change but can revert if needed.

* The agent stops collecting cluster and indices metrics.
* The agent stops automatically cleaning indices older than
`xpack.monitoring.history.duration`.

[[expiration-security]]
==== {stack} {security-features}

* Cluster health, cluster stats, and indices stats operations are blocked.
* All data operations (read and write) continue to work.

Once the license expires, calls to the cluster health, cluster stats, and index
stats APIs fail with a `security_exception` and return a 403 HTTP status code.

[source,sh]
-----------------------------------------------------
{
  "error": {
    "root_cause": [
      {
        "type": "security_exception",
        "reason": "current license is non-compliant for [security]",
        "license.expired.feature": "security"
      }
    ],
    "type": "security_exception",
    "reason": "current license is non-compliant for [security]",
    "license.expired.feature": "security"
  },
  "status": 403
}
-----------------------------------------------------

This message enables automatic monitoring systems to easily detect the license
failure without immediately impacting other users.

[[expiration-logstash]]
==== {ls} pipeline management

> * Cannot create new pipelines or edit or delete existing pipelines from the UI.

Reviewer: Use the same format for this bullet list as used for other bullet lists.

Author: Do you mean something like this?
```suggestion
* Pipelines cannot be created, edited, or deleted from the UI.
```

* Cannot list or view existing pipelines from the UI.

> * Cannot run Logstash instances which are registered to listen to existing pipelines.

Author: ```suggestion
* Logstash instances that are registered to listen to existing pipelines cannot run.
```

//TBD: * Logstash will continue to poll centrally-managed pipelines

[[expiration-kibana]]
==== {kib}

* Users can still log into {kib}.

> * It is still usable for data exploration and visualization, but some features

Reviewer: Kibana works for data exploration and visualization, but some features are disabled.
